hi Pam dinner here I want to share a
little story with you I was interview
for a podcast and the host asked me a
specific question he said Pam you wrote
a book about effective sales enablement
that sounds great but really how come
marketers benefit from supporting sales
that is a great question I would like to
address that at a micro level and also
at the macro level at the micro level
like I said with the rise of digital the
boundaries of sales and marketing start
disappearing in the past email marketing
was exclusively done by marketers now
salespeople can send out many email
campaigns straight out of their CRM
systems social media is another great
examples salespeople
are using social media tools for social
listening and social selling and the
customer services are using it to
address customers concerns real time
through supporting inside sales and the
post sales you as a marketer learn how
other groups are using marketing
channels at the same time you get to
know how sales handle rejections and how
customer services address customers
questions and you can use that knowledge
to refine buyers persona editorial
content planning even inbound and
outbound marketing campaigns so it's
when went
at the macro level marketers career
paths tend to be limited within
marketing functions supporting sales
expand your career opportunities to
sales operations sales enablement
customer services even training there
are plenty of benefits supporting sales
for me specifically supporting sell led
to the publication of my second book
voila effective sales enablement so if
you are interested you can check out my
book to learn more in terms of how to
support sales team or support them
better again you can reach out to meet
VR any social media channels or go
directly to my website pamda Norcom I
would love to hear from you thanks a lot